oh hello everybody is DJ Whoo Kid I'm in
the land of the rain and all the therapy
whether London firstly thanks for coming
to you can I know you're here for like
20 minutes yeah I'm actually gonna
bulgaria in and out and a couple of
hours here bebe careful fuck out we've
had some stories over up where we will
get robbed like like it Linda I'm sure
you'll have your own stories ok like I
keep my jewelry in pieces ok close the
case stuff like they're happy and then
when you go through customs they assumed
this is like a weaponless yeah I don't
know why you can you could do some
damage with that it was actually what
does this mean and I was a super and
they're like so they take his racist way
anyway and what brings you to the UK how
do you find find out about these UK
artist um it took me like six seven
years it's not something that I did and
I did it as a gimmick it took me like
years and understand the lingo the
language different styles you do speak
proper yeah you got the really wishing
you speak we're fucked up with immersion
we are we laugh at y'all's be English
you guys speak American but it is like
uh what I like it's over with DJ oh I
like I did it everywhere in the UK like
Ireland Scotland to hear I mean you name
it like I've deejayed almost everywhere
every club and it took me like the first
three four years to figure out like I'm
here rocking all the u.s. shit but the
DJ's that were performed me they were
playing like all these other artists
like skepta and gigs and I was like who
the fuck are these guys I also learned
each club is a different artist that
runs each club to you can't just google
play in north chuck in south and just
like it took me years just to even
understand the different areas and the
respect factor is somebody's little
whore some places more pop some place
you know like no garage and drum and
bass yeah I can't see the word am I
saying everybody i'm laying it would you
call it Carrie I say garage I'm right
huh but not no one's laughing nomas
laughing who's laughing so I left let's
go pretty change early change you know
all artists here they they actually was
doing the hustle like doing their own
mixtapes
I guess when they combine with me who's
actually done bleh I use the internet to
really market a lot of artists or but
you have to that's the way I stopped
selling like 5,000 CDs is like I I came
to a point where I was like girl went
three hundred thousand five thousand
free downloads it's better than try to
move 5000 units and I brought that to
the artists out here and then they were
already fans I called him and they
always with it tinie tempah I kind of
like shocked him because he sent me like
10 free stars he didn't always know the
next time I did that like at two seconds
like I was DJing and I put it together
put it out and it just blew up and and
that's where everybody just came in
right after where it was a cooperative
level where we planned everything out
like me and wildly right now we're
planning it out gigs were planned out
skepta was planned out so it's kind of
like cool and I everybody's doing their
own different way of having America i
wake up to them like cases like it
everybody likes monster man you know
he's everybody wants me I don't know
everybody has the monster I don't know
strophe I don't know what how must I
have but girls like my monster well
there you go but I'm just like you know
everybody likes kept it in the porn
video which blowing all the song well
you view it was shocking I was like is
the best porn video ever like so real
and and I see people like leaving the
room to watch it privately what's on
this laptop what's going on today oh
well my Twitter right now but I do have
like naked pics now that's correct his
people that's a given that's part two
you mentioned 50 cent can you give us a
little bit about their food coming out
here yeah here's like ether he chose us
crazy and he's like when I heard some
joint do with Dre which is out of
control where I was trying to steal it
but I know I would get my eyes killed so
i was i could get the fuck outta here
but are you doing the j train up staying
up yeah detox pop 0 it's her mad at me
watch Dre has a whole bunch of sub
artists that he's working on and then
I'm putting them all together with him
so one of them is slim the mobster um
I call it was like three four artists
they said to me music every day I'm just
choosing erasing choosing erasing and
then I'm just gonna food but most likely
the summer is worries that are like
glass of all there's no summer here on
how you got it see some I can't you see
there you know damn somehow hair is
frizzy stop i have summer it's like what
like four degrees but god this is in the
Joey get the fuck is going on out here I
came up with a t-shirt I'm glad we're no
shorts I can wear the tea is free then
you would have been it off that off the
plane if you had true I see people
sneezing and the airport I see snow did
you stop taking a piss on me out here
man it's like r kelly calm in this
country is never hot here so can you
give all these fledging dj's are they
can you give them a tip about how do you
put together the perfect mix tape I know
you gotta have the ad libs on there you
gonna have some random person shout in
your own name at the front we have
Russell Brand host I need some yeah yeah
that was pretty little mix uh you know
I've had like other big artists host of
you know I think I got um what the
transporter on on the wildly mixtape
Jason station station yet so I got dizzy
just beating people up at the store just
talking shit like I'm married that's how
you need a mistake whoo kid like you
just talked to some what is so funny but
it's like you gotta like to understand
like you want to you know attract all
kinds of people where their fans or just
Hollywood family then they'll be like
who is this guy like I did that years
ago with like the artists like nice to
do it in America like I get done or
truck to hosted or you know that Quincy
Jones or you know like if I get Michael
Jackson I was named Justin I this
there's a lot of names in that I mean
you know I've done the other Michael
Jackson from the great oh yeah if I can
shit you don't spice it up in a certain
way and the music is number one if the
musical black you can't learn to so what
if you have over the company or then
what musical vice versa in that I just
want no white music CDs not coming out
so I'm be like peace my god is this a
waste of my time is like you know that's
what a lot of artists I mean 30 songs
and I pick 10 out of the 30 and then you
know there's no policy advocacy the one
who's calling right now it's done a
chump
do what up man you just come up to the
first floor well so Swati somebody's got
to come down there to get you isn't that
weird you guys say while he never come
to the interview there he is he's one on
time look while he is on time that's
twelve o'clock right I know she's 22 to
actually yeah